Add reference links for static abstract interface members (#28728)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/fundamentals/types/interfaces.md

For more information about abstract classes, see [Abstract and Sealed Classes and Class Members](../../programming-guide/classes-and-structs/abstract-and-sealed-classes-and-class-members.md).

> Interfaces can contain instance methods, properties, events, indexers, or any combination of those four member types. Interfaces may contain static constructors, fields, constants, or operators. Beginning with C# 11, interfaces may contain `static abstract` members other than fields. An interface can't contain instance fields, instance constructors, or finalizers. Interface members are public by default, and you can explicitly specify accessibility modifiers, such as `public`, `protected`, `internal`, `private`, `protected internal`, or `private protected`. A `private` member must have a default implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interfaces can contain instance methods, properties, events, indexers, or any combination of those four member types. Interfaces may contain static constructors, fields, constants, or operators. Beginning with C# 11, interface members that aren't fields may be `static abstract`. An interface can't contain instance fields, instance constructors, or finalizers. Interface members are public by default, and you can explicitly specify accessibility modifiers, such as `public`, `protected`, `internal`, `private`, `protected internal`, or `private protected`. A `private` member must have a default implementation.
```
